the problem
Statement is
You will be given a rotated sorted array and you
have to find the index of the Pivot element
or in other words the smallest element in the array
Let's see some examples
This is sorted array before rotation
20 25 60 70 80 Initially the first index will hold
the smallest element of the array After three rotations the array
would look like this
The last three elements have come to the first three
positions and hence the smallest number has gone to somewhere
in the middle
Our input array is will look like this
In this case we have to return Index three which
holds the smallest element 20
If the given array is this 10 0 2 4 we have
to return index one which holds the pivot element zero.